>>This is day five.
It's called Tantra of the Heart.
OK, good morning.
>>Good morning!
>>Here we go.
Another day!
[APPLAUSE]
>>This is a fun day
because it culminates.
It brings everything
together, which
doesn't happen until
almost the last minute.
[LAUGHTER]
And then, we're going
to go out into the woods
and do our final meditation
where, at that point,
we should note everything
and how to do it.
But it'll be new to you.
So I will lead you through
it when we get out there.
In the advanced workshop
if you come to that,
I'm going to assume you
know this staff perfectly.
And we're going to go beyond
it, which I love that workshop
because of what happens in it.
It's so cool.
Anyway, I always have
to look at my notes
because I never know where
I'm going or what I'm doing.
So this day is called
Tantra of the Heart.
And we're going to talk
in all kinds of ways
and not normal ways.
Ways that you would normally
not probably ever think about.
We're going to talk
about sexual energy
and how it relates
to spirituality.
And it's the focus
because sexual energy
is the key to creation.
When you create anything,
it's done with sexual energy.
There is sexual energy in ways
that you probably have never
thought of before, even if
you've really sat and thought
a lot about it because
it's just we don't
think of a lot of these things.
There's actually sexual
energy between the heart
and the brain, and not in the
way that we normally think,
which doesn't involve
the genitals at all.
It's a totally different thing.
But it's still sexual energy.
And it's really powerful.
So anyway, from
our point of view,
from a Melchizedek point of view
in our study of the universe,
every single thing that
came into creation,
and there are things that are
constantly still being created,
came in because of
the union of opposites
of the coming together of
the male and female that
create that thing.
Whether it's a
planet, or a galaxy,
or another universe,
or whatever,
it's always the same thing.
And so this is why we have to
talk about this because you
could study spirituality.
You can meditate forever.
But if you don't get
the sexual aspect that's
associated with it,
you're wasting your time
because you'll never,
ever, get there without it.
I'm going to begin speaking
about sexual energy
through alchemy.
And my study of alchemy,
it's very appropriate.
And it'll also explain a lot
of what's going on today.
In the last 50
years or so, there
has been changes
in sexuality, which
I'm sure most of the
world's aware of by now,
that were not there before.
They were there,
but not in the way
that they are now, which
has to do with homosexuality
and bisexuality.
And we're also going to
talk about asexuality.
Asexuality, from a
spiritual point of view,
is the highest
form of sexuality,
which is like no sexuality.
But you can't achieve
that by force.
Like, the Catholic
church forces people
to stop having sex,
even when they're young,
and being celibate.
And it doesn't work.
And so they're figuring
that out right now, I think.
It doesn't work.
The only way that you can
achieve this sexuality
is by going through all the
possible sexual combinations.
And that's the way that you
arrive at it in a natural way.
And there's a lot of them.
We think that there's only
just a few different kinds
of sexuality.
But there's actually 64.
64 entirely different,
completely unique,
forms of sexuality.
And it stretches through all
forms of nature everywhere.
Not just humans, but everything
that reproduces on every level
existence.
And so we'll slowly get to
all of that and explain it.
But I do want to begin with
alchemy because it begins
to explain another level of
the reality that isn't really,
usually, understood too much.
In alchemy right now, there
are two forms of alchemy
that have been recognized.
One is turning lead
into gold and the other
is mercury into gold.
And the reason
that there has been
so much time and energy put on
the subject throughout history
is because it's, again,
as above, so below.
And so there are
layers to our reality.
There's the atomic layers.
And they continue on
forever beneath that.
They're looking for
subatomic particles.
It's an endless game
that never ends.
And it's the other way, too.
Like, it goes out forever also.
But on any layer, whether
you're taking a cellular level,
atomic level, a molecular
level, et cetera,
every level reflects
every other level.
And so when it comes
to human consciousness,
they've discovered
a long time ago that
if you go to a
molecular level and you
watch the way lead turns into
gold, the precise procedure,
the pH levels as they're
changing the temperature
levels, and all those
things relate directly
to human experience going
from human consciousness
into a higher level
conscious sometimes called
Christ consciousness
or unity consciousness.
It's just a name.
But it's the next
level of consciousness
above human consciousness.
So to go from here
to the next level,
if you're trying
to understand it,
you can just study the
way lead goes into gold
or the way mercury
goes into gold.
They're two different pathways.
And you can understand it
just by looking at that.
You can say, oh, OK.
I realize that coming
up here is going
to be an event where
the temperature's going
to rise tremendously.
And you have to translate
that into human consciousness
and what that means.
But you can actually
see the whole thing.
And so that was what
was really going on.
So they had to actually do it.
They had to actually take the
lead or the mercury into gold.
And they had to see
they were doing it.
And then, they even studied the
chemistry that was behind it.
And that was one of the first
things the angels had me do.
They sent me to, initially,
over about 70 teachers.
And they did that by giving
me their name, address,
and phone number of people that
I'd never even heard of before,
most of some.
Some of them.
Like Ram Dass, I knew.
And there were some that I knew.
But about 3/4 of them
I never heard of.
But it's interesting
when you just
call a name and number
you get from meditation
and it's that person, you know.
Hi.
And they were always ready.
They go, yeah, I
know you're coming.
Come on over, you know.
The angels sent
me to this person.
His name was Will Chipman.
And he was an alchemist.
He was truly an alchemist.
He was not just somebody
thinking about it.
And I studied with him for
a little over two years.
And he changed my life
forever, and ever, and ever.
And he used me as a
Guinea pig to study
with some of his ideas.
And they worked.
It was very cool.
He lived in Burnaby,
for you in Canada,
outside of Vancouver
in British Columbia.
And he lived in,
kind of, a suburb.
Suburb.
>>Suburban area.
>>Whatever you call it.
>>Yeah, whatever
it is, you know.
All those little boxes.
They're all the same.
And he lived in one of those.
So if you were just
driving down the road,
it looked just like
any other house.
But after a year, one
day he says, OK, now I'll
show you my lab.
And I been going into his house
every day for about a year.
And I'm going where's
your lab, you know.
And he takes me over
to a broom closet.
It's like one of those
Steven Spielberg things.
You know, he goes in
there, turns a handle,
and the whole thing
is an elevator,
and it goes down to the ground.
And it was way
down in the ground.
It was like 100 feet
into the ground.
And we got down
there, there was a lab
about the size of this room.
Maybe a little bigger, actually.
And it had the finest equipment
on Earth was in there.
I mean, he had
electron balances,
and it was everything.
He had millions of
dollars in this room.
And he brought me
over to this sphere
about so big of,
looked like, Plexiglas.
Perfect sphere
sitting on a stand.
So the sphere was about
this high off the ground.
It was on a stand.
Don't know what was
inside the stand.
Some kind of motor.
And it was in a greenish,
yellowish liquid
that was in there.
And a little tiny
bit of mercury would
come out and form a sphere.
And it would start
rising at the bottom.
And you could watch it.
And it'd go through all
these different colors
because it's going
through transformation.
It's going up.
And when it gets within
about two inches to the top,
it would turn into a solid
gold, and drop to the bottom.
And it did this all
day and all night.
So that's why he
had all this money
to buy all this equipment.
And so he really did
know how to do it.
But he also made the
proper interpretations
of the chemical
reaction relative
to human transformation.
He was very good.
And I mentioned the other
day that we have now
discovered a third way.
So again, there is now
definitely, it's not a maybe.
We know for certain there
is another way, which
is taking silicon into gold.
And it is much cleaner, simpler,
and easier than the other ones.
And I don't think
that it has ever been
done ever before in the world.
If it has, then it has
been done secretly.
So it could have been.
But I've never seen
anything written about it.
Has anybody here ever seen
anything written about silicon
into gold?
I never seen it
either, but it's real.
We have physically done it.
And they did it 20
times in Phoenix.
Another lab did it 10 times
in another independent lab.
And we have done it twice here.
And we're about to start
back into it next week,
and then begin to
study exactly what I'm
talking about right now.
That may take me
awhile because I don't
know exactly what I'm doing.
But there must be a reason
why I'm being given this.
So I'm kind of excited
about it really.
I like games and play.
It's like a game,
kind of, you know.
So I think it's going
to be a fun thing.
OK, so now that you
understand about how as above,
so below, and on
a molecular level
that there are these
two, maybe three, things
that will translate human
consciousness into higher
consciousness, I want to bring
it into a more general pattern
and make a statement.
That is that every single
chemical reaction in existence
relates to some
life form somewhere.
It's the entire thing.
On every level, it relates
to life in one way or another
where we are now on this
level and on other levels
and everything.
All things are together.
And that's also true if
you drop down further
into the atomic levels.
You go down another one
below molecular level
into the atomic levels.
And the atomic reactions that
take place are very basic.
And they have very
deep relationships
with human life also.
Differently than the
molecular levels, but they do.
And so in order to explain this,
I'm going to talk about stars.
And stars from everything I have
learned and know at this point
are living beings.
They are alive.
They are conscious.
They have personalities.
They are people just like us.
But they are existing on
another level of life,
and so are planets.
Planets and moons.
Some moons are in the
process of being born.
And they're not quite
into that conscious level.
But they will be.
But looking just at
the stars right now
or our sun, which is a star
also, you look at the process.
Stars are born.
They're born from
hydrogen clouds, which is
the debris from a dying star.
So when a supernova
goes bam and explodes,
it puts out all this
hydrogen, which then reforms
into hundreds of new stars.
So it's a form of reproduction.
The death becomes the
birth, which it always is.
And those stars become born.
They go through a procedure
that is identical to the way
that we are creating
the Merkaba.
It is exactly step by step.
Exactly the same thing.
So we're doing what the stars do
to bring our consciousness up.
And they're doing exactly the
same thing on another level.
But if you look at
it, it is precisely
the same exact movement
that we make when we perform
the meditation of the Merkaba.
And these stars go
through various stages.
Like, our sun is a hydrogen sun.
They always begin
as a hydrogen sun.
Hydrogen is the first element
in the periodic table.
It's where it all begins,
the very first element.
And so the hydrogen sun,
it's always the same thing.
It brings two hydrogen atoms
together through fusion
and creates helium, which
is one octave above this.
It makes a huge jump.
Really, a huge jump when it
goes from hydrogen to helium.
And that is what
produces the light that
comes to this planet.
OK?
Every scientist on earth will
tell you that all life on Earth
came from the sun, literally.
It is this light that
comes from the sun.
And all the
radiation and pulses,
and everything else
that comes here from it,
is what creates our life here.
If the sun was not there, we
would just be a rock in space.
And so whatever
happens on the sun
influences us here
big time, huge.
Every time a solar
flare goes off,
another level of the cosmic
DNA has been unfolded.
It just keeps going.
And it will be a
solar flare, probably,
that triggers ascension
on this earth.
It comes from the sun.
But it's more than that.
It's in ways we
normally don't know,
especially when you talk about
sexuality, which is where we're
going in all of this today.
When the light that is
arriving here on Earth
is a hydrogen light and it
has a helium element to it,
and that light determines how
we come together as people
in sexual relationships.
You remember in the
book we mentioned
that the male aspect
of our race, the father
aspect of our race, we
said was from Sirius.
And the female aspect
was the Nephilim
from the planet Marduk or
Nibiru is another name for it.
And so the Sirian family
that came here, I mentioned,
was 16 males and 16 females.
And they were married.
But what's interesting is
that on that planet, which
happens to come from Sirius B--
there's three stars up there.
A, B, and C. And they come
from Sirius B, third planet
out, just like this one, which
is a near completely water
planet.
There's only one island on it
about the size of California.
And then, one
little tiny island.
And that's it.
So it's more water
than anything.
And on that planet, the
people that are on that land,
they only, only, marry
16 males and 16 females.
No other way.
They would never dream of it.
They wouldn't dream of it.
17 would be, oh my
God, never do that.
That's bad.
Only 16 and 16.
And so why?
And you'll find, if you
go to other planets,
there's very specific
geometrical arrangements
that are there the way
people come together
to make relationships.
And when you go to
a certain planet,
you won't see anything else.
It'll only be that
and nothing else.
And there's lots of
these configurations.
And we stay with it.
On our planet, it has been
one male and one female
for a very, very,
very long time.
That's about to change forever.
And we're in the
process of doing that.
It'll usually take
about 50 to 100 years.
And we're still
probably, at least,
50 years away before
it will click in.
And we won't be here.
So we're not going to be able
to see this take place here,
probably.
Who knows what life
is going to do.
Probably not.
I don't think we're
going to make it.
But the reason we are
one male and one female
is because the hydrogen atom
has one-- well let me just
make another statement first.
If you go down
below atomic level,
there's a point where
there's only three things
in the universe.
And that's the proton,
electron, and neutron.
And the proton is in the center.
The neutron is
also in the center.
And electron goes
around it if you
want to accept the Bohr's
understanding of it in reality.
But what's interesting
is the proton
has an atomic mass
of whatever it is.
I don't remember.
And the electron has a
much, much lower mass also.
And the neutron is exactly the
male and the female, the mommy
and daddy.
The proton is the male.
The electron is the female.
And the neutron is the child.
And the child has the exact
mass of it's mommy and daddy.
It is of a proton and
electron, precisely.
It's pretty interesting.
And so if you see that
the proton is male,
the electron is female, and
the neutron is the child,
this is the holy
trinity, again, emerging
on a very, very low level,
even below atomic level.
And so the light that's
coming from our sun
is a hydrogen that has just
moved into helium light.
And it's the hydrogen
component that
determines how everyone,
all life on this planet,
comes together, pretty much.
There are exceptions.
And because that light is
based on one proton, and one
electron, and one neutron,
that's what we do.
We arrange ourselves in
configuration with a light
that's coming from the sun.
It has so much influence
on us, it's just crazy.
But in 1972, and Bell
Labs showed this,
it so important
because we've gone
for about five
billion years, depends
on who you want to talk to.
The sun has been doing this
for about five billion years.
But what happens is it's
constantly making helium.
And so the helium starts
building up in concentration.
And after about
five billion years,
that concentration of
helium gets so strong
that a new reaction begins.
And the sun goes from a
hydrogen sun to a helium sun.
And we just happen
to be at that moment.
There's a lot of moments that
just happen to be right now.
We're going from one
kind of light to another.
And so now on August 7, 1972,
we had this blast of expansion.
We didn't get to see it
all because the Sirian's
knew that we were
not ready for this
because we had had an accident
right prior to it on Atlantis.
And we should have been in
position to know how to deal
with this, but we weren't.
And so they helped us.
But still, at any rate,
what's emerged on earth
is that you have a
brand new kind of light.
When the helium triggers into
the next stage of a sun's
growth, it's three helium atoms
coming together forming carbon.
And so this light
is a helium light.
But it has a component of
carbon associated with it too.
And so helium is two
protons, two electrons,
and two neutrons.
Got to put another
finger in there.
And so what happens,
at that point,
is we go through
a transformation.
And this is the reason
why homosexuality
is emerging on earth right now.
Whether you like it or not,
it's just what's happening.
And you can't stop it
because it's nature.
It's what's going on.
So in the future at
some point, we're
going to come together with
two males and two females.
And we will have two different
kinds of children come out
of these relationships.
And everyone will do only that.
And they will never think
of doing anything else.
But we're not there for sure
But there is a
transformation going
on where women are
getting together
and men are getting together.
But eventually,
they'll come together.
It doesn't stay that
way for very long.
Eventually, they come together
because you can't reproduce.
However, it is one
way that mother earth
can stop the overpopulation.
The more there is of that,
the less children there are.
The less babies are being born.
So it does have a
positive aspect on that.
I'm not I'm not
promoting anything.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm very happy with my wife.
But I'm just saying that I'm
not judging anything either.
I'm just looking at it
objectively of what's going on.
And if we didn't have such
a stigma associated with it,
this would be easier to accept.
But we do.
And so it's just
the way it goes.
This light that's coming in now
is changing not only sexuality
or how we come together.
That's just one thing.
It's changing lots
of things about us.
This light really started to
emerge about 150 years ago.
It just reached a peak in that.
And it's being transforming us
slowly in all kinds of ways.
We are not the same people who
we were four or 500 years ago.
There is a huge difference in
who we are, and how we think,
and everything.
And it's just, again, it's
the cosmic DNA unfolding
through the light of the sun.
The light of the
sun is everything.
It is simply everything
relative to a planet.
And the stars keep going.
Eventually, if you were
to wait a very long time--
another few billion year-- the
carbon would begin to ignite.
And then, you
would have a carbon
has six protons, six
electrons, and six neutrons.
It's the 666, which is us.
We're carbon based life forms.
And at that point, everything
would transform over.
It would take about
100 years or so.
We would transform over.
And we'd become families
of six males, six females,
and there'd be six different
kinds of children that would
come from this relationship.
And that's just the way it
will be for sure if the sun
where to last this long.
And it continues on.
And eventually, the star dies.
And there's different
ways it can die.
It can become the
supernova that we just
talked about where it blows
up and forms massive hydrogen
clouds that form other sons.
It could also go within itself
and become a white dwarf
and compress itself into this
unbelievably compressed mass
that is so heavy that, if
we just took one inch of it
and set it gently
on the earth, it
would go right through the
earth right to the other side.
It weighs so much.
Nothing would stop it.
And it just go right through.
And it would start
oscillating back and forth
and, eventually, end up in
the center of the earth.
It's incredibly heavy material.
It's thousands and thousands.
It's tons, actually, just in
a small little piece of it.
That's kind of the
basics, I think, of that.
And it gets more complex
because we're a single star
system, which is very unusual.
There aren't very many.
Most star systems are
two or more stars.
Most of them are binary systems.
I think that's the most.
So there's two male components
in the solar system.
And like in Sirius,
there's three.
And there's other ways
for these stars to die.
There are a couple other
ways that it's possible.
But they do go through a
life and death process.
Let me see.
That is the reason why when
you get more than one sun
and they're different
ages, especially
like what's going on
in Sirius, and Sirius A
is the brightest
star in the sky.
It's a 4.6 magnitude.
And it's the brightest
star we can see.
It's a big, huge star.
But Sirius B is a white dwarf.
And it's a little,
tiny star and very
weak in its output of light.
And then, you have Sirius
C. And I don't really know.
They just discovered
Sirius C not too long ago.
I'm not sure what that star is.
But if you are coming
from space and you
wanted to know what
the people were doing
on these different stars,
before you ever got there,
you can analyze the
sun's that are in there
and the kind of
life that is coming
from each one of those
suns to the planets.
And you can just calculate
exactly how they come together.
It's more complex to figure out
than it is if it's just one.
If it's one, it's
really straightforward.
But if it's two or
three in different ages
and different kinds,
then it's more complex.
But in that case, it was
16 males and 16 females.
And they would be able to make
16 different kinds of children
uniquely different in
how they perceive life.
OK, so that's the introduction.
Let me move this over here.
Now I want to talk about
human sexuality itself.
And this does not
apply to just humans.
It applies to all forms
of life everywhere.
So you'll understand when we
go through this the complexity
of the human sexuality.
If you really want to
study it in detail,
read the I Ching out of China.
Some people say I Ching.
But it's actually
pronounced I Ching.
It's the book of changes.
There are 64 different
hexagons that
move through this in
a very specific order.
The first order
is all-male lines.
And by the way, it
wasn't that way always.
We're in the male cycle.
And during the male cycle,
one of the males changed it.
It originally started
out all-female lines.
And female is the basis at
the beginning of things.
But they didn't like that
and reversed the whole thing.
And to me, beginning with the
female lines is more accurate.
But it's what we got.
It's still incredibly accurate.
There have been three medical
doctors who've written books
that I'm aware of.
And they don't know
about each other
because I've talked
to a couple of them.
I actually wanted to
discuss this with them.
And they didn't know
that somebody else
had written the book.
But when you read the three
books, it is identical.
It is so much identical
that if they ever
went into copyright court, they
would have a really hard time
because it looks like
the other one stole it
from the first one.
But they didn't.
They were just going
purely from science
and relating what they could
see about the DNA to what they
see about the I Ching.
And it describes
in detail, and I
mean in minute
detail, the human DNA.
And it's so perfect,
it could never
have been just a
guess or an accident.
It's unbelievably accurate.
And so it just
shows you the power
of what is behind this book.
It's really amazing.
And so you can also see
where the polarities reverse.
It goes from male to female,
male to female, male to female.
There's 32 male, 32 female, and
they alternate every other one
going through the whole thing.
Each one of these
different sexual polarities
that they refer to
in there are uniquely
different than any other one.
They are all
completely different.
And so if you really want
to study human sexuality,
look at what it says about each
one of these different changes.
And then, you'll understand
what the 64 human sexualities
are in detail and also
how it relates to the DNA.
But on a real simple
level, I'm only
going to talk about
the first eight
because I'm going
to further talk
about how the Egyptians
feel about this
and what they did about it.
And they were only concerned
about the first eight
because they superimpose
something else over.
And I'll describe what that is.
It's interesting because it's
another thing you need to know.
It helps to know it because
it answers a lot of questions
that are going on in life.
So I think I'll use the black
one since it's easier to see.
So I'm first going to layout out
this pattern of how sexuality
goes.
And we will relate
it to human sexuality
so it is in our language,
so we know what it means.
If I did it with grasshoppers,
it wouldn't quite be the same.
But it is the same.
But there is only one energy.
Just this single energy.
And there's only one energy,
really, in existence.
And all the other forms
of energy and physics
all come from a single energy.
And eventually, that
will be very clear.
But most physicists suspect
this is true anyway.
And that one energy breaks
into two basic patterns,
which is male and female,
a male and female energy.
And then, that energy
breaks down further into--
and I'm not going to
make it into a tree.
There's this four, which
we talked about before.
The male, the female,
the male and female,
and the asexual or neutral.
So you have these
four basic energies
that run through things.
And you can see it
in so many ways.
You have a male component,
a female component,
you have both, and
you have neither.
And just like in the
nucleic acids and the DNA,
like I mentioned also before,
there are four of these acids.
And they combine to produce 64
different codons in the DNA.
And those codons, to me,
they're like applications
in a computer.
And we're only running
on about 20 or 21,
22, something like that.
And the rest of them
that we have in our DNA
are just sitting
there not being used.
The new children who are coming
in have brought in six more.
And they don't use
all six of them.
Each one chooses two.
So you have all these
different kinds.
So all the indigo
kids and everything,
they're not the same.
They're completely
and uniquely different
because it depends on which
applications they chose.
So it's just like a computer.
If you stuck in two
applications, well
it depends on what
those applications do.
If some other kids puts in two
more and they're different,
then it's going to be
depending what they are.
And so we have a lot of
different combinations
of what's possible.
And so science has
now determined--
it's not just me saying
this-- that there are many,
many, many children now
with two more codons
turned on in their DNA.
And there are lots
of changes, which
we talked about in the books.
Like, the indigo kids have a
completely different stomach
than we do and a liver.
They are able to eat junk food.
They're made for it.
Gimme.
Gimme Twinkies.
[LAUGHTER]
I was talking to somebody
else the other day.
I said it's kind of
like we're cockroaches.
If you give us bad enough stuff
long enough, we'll want it.
Good stuff.
We just take it from the
negative into the positive.
And if that's what
it's going to be,
then we're going to
make it positive.
And that's what we did.
So they are able to
digest and use food
in a different kind
of way than we can.
Or at least, I'm saying we.
There's a lot of indigo
people in this room.
But anyway, so from these four
basic patterns of male, female,
both, and neither, there is
a pattern that has developed.
And I'm going to write it out.
I'm just going to write the
whole thing out, and then
talk about it because
it takes a little bit.
So it's a male/male, which
we call heterosexual.
A female/male, and we
call that homosexual.
There's a female/female.
And that's a
heterosexual female.
And then, you have a
male/female, which is lesbian.
A male/bisexual, and
that is a male bisexual.
And then, you have
a female/bisexual.
Then, you have a male/asexual
and a female/asexual.
Computer graphics would
be so much quicker.
So you have these
eight basic patterns
that goes from one to two
to four, and then to eight.
It then goes to
16, to 32, to 64.
And so the polarity continues.
But I'm not going
to continue with it.
So like with a
male/male heterosexual,
there's also on
the next level it
becomes a passive
and an active one,
which is like male and female.
And that passive and active
runs all the way through here.
So the same way
with homosexuals.
There's passive,
inactive homosexuals,
et cetera, all the way
through this whole thing.
And even with asexual,
it still has this balance
between male and female, even
though they're not sexually
active.
If you continue with it and you
can you keep breaking it down
and you go through
this whole thing,
you can come up with all 64.
And then, you can relate
that to the I Ching.
And you'll see.
Then, you can go write
specifically what
each one is inside of there.
And then, you can study
it in great detail.
I'm just not going to do it.
But you can do it if you want.
I need to go this far
because I want to talk
about the Egyptian part of it.
This, by the way, let see
if I have that in here.
OK, now I'm going to
wait just a moment.
But we're going to talk
about nature in a minute
because this is throughout
nature everywhere.
It doesn't stop with humans.
It's with every single life form
that moves or breaths on Earth.
And the Egyptians were
very much into this.
And their ideas of tantra are
uniquely different than anybody
else I've seen.
If you look at the
Tibetans or the Hindus,
their concepts of
tantra are one way.
You look at the Chinese
like through Mantak Chia
and his work.
And they're more interested
in the flow of the energy
of how it moves and everything.
Whereas, the Egyptians have
got the flow primarily down
to a single movement,
which is the arc.
And we'll talk about
that a little bit later.
But their concepts
of tantra are more
interested in something else.
And in order to talk about
it, I got to explain it
because it's different.
But it's kind of
important to know this
because, if you
do it, you'll see
it'll answer a lot of things
that are going on in life.
The Egyptians believe
that you're not
a human being fully until
you've had eight lifetimes.
Eight.
And after you completed
the eighth lifetime
and you go into
your ninth lifetime,
then you're a fully
developed human being.
And the reason is because they
discovered a long time ago that
with a star tetrahedron,
when you come in,
you have to come in
as a male or a female.
You have to choose one.
It doesn't really matter.
But you have to choose one.
So if you choose a female,
the configuration around you
is going to be with
this point forward.
If you choose a male, it's
going to be this one forward.
But at the end of your
lifetime, your first lifetime,
you've developed a
personality over that
through the environment you're
in, the family you're with,
the friends you know, and
the things that happen.
You create and
develop a personality.
But then when you die,
you can't be female again.
You have to be male to keep
the balance because if you
do two male or two female in
a row, your life is over here.
It will throw you
out of the Earth.
And you can't do it.
You have to become
male or the opposite
that you did in the first one.
So if you were female
the first time,
then you're male
the second time.
And when you do, you're
going to be somewhere else.
A different family, a different
place on earth somewhere else,
and you're going to develop
a brand new personality.
And it's going to be male.
So your sexuality
will be different
but so will be everything else.
The foods you like, the colors
you like, the music you like.
Everything will be different.
Then, on your third life,
it must be female again.
And you choose another one.
And you switch not
to the ones that
now have personalities
built on it,
but you choose one
of the other ones.
And you come in
with another female.
And you develop
another personality.
Female, and then
you go to a male,
and you keep going until
they're all completed.
And this rotates, too.
It's another thing
we've never talked about
but where we say that you
got one going this way,
and one going this way, and
you have one that's fixed.
You can move the fixed one
under certain conditions.
And it has to do
with the orgasm.
That's the only moment
when you can move it.
And we'll get back to
that in a little bit.
And so after eight
lifetimes, you've
developed for male and
for female lifetimes,
again, relating to the I Ching.
The I Ching is based on a
cube, rather than the star
tetrahedron.
But it's the same thing.
A star tetrahedron is a cube
if you turn it this way.
So they see it as a cube.
But we're looking at it
as a star tetrahedron.
But it's the same thing.
And so in the I
Ching, the whole thing
is if you read before
you begin into it,
it's all based on the mother,
the father, the three sons,
and the three daughters.
That is the basis
of the I Ching.
And it's exactly what they're
talking about in China
is the same thing that they
were talking about in Egypt
that you have four or
eight personalities.
Four male and four female.
And that's who you are.
But when you're in one
of these lifetimes,
you don't know about
the other ones.
They're hidden to you.
You don't know they're there.
You're just living that
one that you're in.
But you have seven other
distinctly uniquely different
personalities than the one that
you have right now if you've
been here for eight lifetimes.
This is my second lifetime.
So I only have one.
I was a female the first time.
I have one developed now.
And know I'm on the second one.
And so I'm not considered
human yet by the Egyptians.
I haven't lived here long
enough to get that distinction
from their point of view.
And so all of their
understanding of ascension,
which was primarily based on
Resurrection, not on ascension.
Resurrection that the Christians
are using came out of Egypt.
And it's really clear
if you study it.
It was not delivered by Jesus.
It was long before him.
The information that he was
putting out around Resurrection
was already
established in Egypt.
And he was completing it.
The Egyptians knew
that Jesus was coming.
And they knew what he
was going to teach.
And they were actually
preparing for it.
They prepared 500 BC.
They were already
aware that Jesus was
coming 500 years in the future.
They were very good at knowing
what was coming in the future.
But anyway, I don't want
to get into that too much.
So what happens in the Egyptian
way of perceiving not just
sexuality but spirituality and
consciousness that they would
go through the
left eye of Horus,
they would go through
the right eye of Horus,
and each one was 12 years.
And then, there was three years
after that where they studied
what we're talking about now.
They began to study this at
Kom Ombo, the second chakra
of the temple there.
They studied sexuality.
But the idea of
sexuality continued
through all the schools because
it's so basic to everything.
And at the very end,
what they would do
is they would take a
person who was a candidate
to go into the Great Pyramid and
be one of those that would go
into the heavens and
become the heavens,
and come back and be
an immortal being.
That person was subjected
to an interesting thing.
And we've done this
in a ministry school
we used to have for a while.
I did this with two
or three people.
I don't remember.
But it was, at least, two
people that we did this with.
And I watched what happened.
And it was amazing.
I don't recommend
you try this at home.
Probably not a good idea.
You'll never be
the same if you do.
After a person has reached a
certain level of awareness,
then what they do is
they do a ceremony
and a procedure that you become
aware of all of your eight
personalities at
once, simultaneously.
They all come forth at
once in your one body.
And they share information
with each other.
So they're sharing all
their wisdom and knowledge.
And they're bringing
it all into one place.
And so when you step into the
Great Pyramid in that point
there, you are not
normal human being.
You have absorbed and brought
in all the various levels
of yourself.
This procedure when they
do it, how they do this
is that they're breathing
through their Merkaba
field and the whole thing.
And they're aware of this.
And they're using sexual
energy with Merkaba
in a very specific
way, which we'll slowly
unfold here as we go.
But in this particular
ceremony, what they do is they--
and it takes a few days to do
it-- at the moment of orgasm
when it comes up,
they arc the energy,
which we'll talk about
again in a little bit.
But you have eight
breaths, exactly,
from the first moment that the
energy comes up your spine.
You have eight
breaths to do this in.
After that, it's
not usable anymore.
And during that time,
through intention,
you can turn your tetrahedron
to any other point.
And if you do that,
that personality
emerges out of the body and
the other one recedes away.
And so suddenly, I
mean, if you were female
and you did this energy coming
up, and you transformed it,
and you turned it to a
male, you're now male.
You may be in a female
body, but you are male.
And you have male sexuality.
You have male and whatever
that male's ideas,
understandings, wisdom,
desires, and all those things
that create the personality.
That's who you are now.
And they slowly move
through all of them,
which also means
rotating it over this way
to the top to get
to this other one.
So they're coming forth.
And so these different
personalities, one by one,
come out.
And then, they do this thing
after each one has come out.
You've rotated
through all of them.
And once they write in sequence
after each other, one male, one
female, one male, one female
and they do this whole thing,
there is this way, which
I don't quite understand.
But I've seen it happen.
But I haven't experienced it.
So I don't quite understand it.
They all come out at once.
And they're all in you at once.
And they all can
communicate at once.
And it is the final step before
going into the great pyramid.
So I just wanted you
to understand that you
have this aspect to yourself.
And sometimes it does
come out, and especially
during sexuality
because sometimes people
turn these things by mistake.
[LAUGHTER]
Because it only takes intention.
And if you're a female
and all of a sudden you
are in a sexual
fantasy as being male,
and it just happens
to be the right way
to turn one of these things,
it could become permanent.
Yeah, oops.
No, it's oops.
[LAUGHTER]
It's just so you have
the understanding.
But it takes a lot of knowledge
to be able to do this properly.
And you can't do it by yourself.
You have to have
external people that
are watching you go through
these stages and guiding it.
It's more complex.
But what they did, they
knew that this was true.
They knew about these
eight personalities.
So did China know about
the eight personalities.
And what the Egyptians did
was they took the eight
personalities, and
they combined it
with the first eight of these,
producing 64 different types
of connections with their
eight personalities, which this
is not conforming to nature.
This is something
that they created.
And they used it
in their schools.
Nature just simply
keeps going on
with the polarity down to
64 different possibilities.
But they combined the two, did
that, and linked them together.
And so I don't know.
It may be that they had these
eight personalities linked
with these eight different
sexual polarities.
I don't know that.
What happened with
me is I was studying
Egyptian tantra with Thoth
and his wife for years.
And I got about a little
more than halfway through it.
And then, the
ascended masters made
this decision that they were
all going to leave and go
do this thing where they went
into space, and dimension
and made the journey
that we're going to make.
And that was in
about 1996 or so.
And they were gone, I
think, for six years.
And so I just stopped.
And then, I didn't
get the rest of it.
And then, in approximately 2002,
I was sitting in my office.
And something just pulled
over to Thoth's picture.
And I was looking at it.
And Thoth came in.
I hadn't seen him in six years.
And he came in.
And he was not the
person I knew before.
He was transformed.
Before, he was an
incredibly intense person.
And his name before Thoth was
Chequetet Arelich Volmalites.
And Chequetet is a title.
It means the seeker of wisdom.
And well he wasn't
seeking anything anymore.
Whatever had happened
in this movement
through all these
levels and coming back
is that you could
tell he was calm.
He was not looking anywhere.
He was just doing his job.
He had been transformed
by that journey.
And so all he did was
come in and say I'm back
and told me that half
of them had come back
and stuff like this,
some basic things.
And he says I'll be back later.
So his whole moment with me
was, maybe, three minutes.
And then he was gone.
And then, about
two weeks later, he
came back with his wife Seshat.
And we had a long talk
then about what happened
and all the kinds of
things that were going on.
And then, he said that he
was too busy to complete it.
But he left his
wife Seshat with me
to complete the tantric school.
But she did it at high speed.
You know, it was like
in about two weeks.
She stayed with me
for about two weeks
and [SOUND EFFECT]
was not the same
as what was before where it was
very slow and understanding.
So I kind of got it.
But I have not a perfect
understanding, I don't think,
of everything.
I just realized right now I'm
not sure why they did this.
And I'm beginning to
see why they did it
as I'm looking at it right now.
But I still don't know for sure.
So anyway, this is one of
the Egyptian mystery schools.
I'm going to switch
subjects again
and that is to talk about
this in terms of nature.
If you really want to
look at it and study it,
you'll see that this
sexuality and then
with all the other changes and
all the other polarity visions
that go below it are
throughout nature.
We mentioned before
the one about bees
how not only do we have all
these polarities with it,
but we use different
mathematics to reproduce with.
The human beings are
using a binary sequence.
1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 62, 64,
which is based on this.
But the bees, which we
just gave you one example,
they start out at 1,1 2, 3, 5,
8, 13, 24, 21, 34, 55, 89, et
cetera.
And that's Fibonacci in nature.
So the bees have a
different geometry
behind how they create
their reproduction.
But they still have
this moving through.
Everything has this
moving through it.
And so every life form
has a different geometry.
And lots of them use binary.
Two primary ones
are binary sequence
and Fibonacci sequence.
There may be others.
I wouldn't be surprised if there
are other ones, and especially
other dimensions
and other places.
There are also what we mentioned
how in our relationship
you have to have one male and
one female to make a baby.
But that's not
completely accurate.
That's how we think about it.
But science now knows, we
mentioned in the other book,
females can make
babies without males.
And science can just do that.
They could just go in and
just take a little thing,
and poke a hole in the
ovum, and stimulate it.
And it'll produce a baby without
ever having sex or anything.
And then, there is
also another way
where they could do that,
which is inner dimensional sex.
This is another thing.
With inner dimensional sex,
you can get pregnant just
by yourself having
sex but connected to,
at the same moment,
with another being
on another level of existence.
And this is your
immaculate conception.
And immaculate
conception has now
been proven,
scientifically, as fact.
It can take place.
But not just with humans.
I mean, you have geckos, these
little lizards, which we also
mentioned in there.
But you could go on for the
rest of your life searching
these things out.
There's female geckos
that don't have any males.
There are no males
in them at all.
They're all female.
But they have
babies on their own.
And it's always a female.
So where does that fit into
the ideas of where things are?
But we were asked to
do all possibilities.
This is one of the primary
instructions from the source
is to try all possibilities.
And definitely,
that's a possibility.
And it is true.
It is fact on earth.
They studied seagulls.
And there's been this big
study back in the 1990s.
And they discovered that
worldwide 14% percent
of all seagulls are lesbians.
This is fact.
They don't like guys.
They just like each other.
And that's the way it goes.
And then there's, in the tree
form, I'm just using this one,
there's papayas.
Papaya trees.
And in Australia, not
here, but in Australia,
papaya trees are
male and female,
which they are all
around the world.
But in Australia, they have
male papaya trees, female papaya
trees, and bisexual papaya trees
that don't need other trees.
They can do it
all by themselves.
And in the stores in Australia,
you can buy normal papaya.
And you can buy bisexual
papaya, and it says so.
Bisexual papaya trees.
They taste different.
[LAUGHTER]
So the worlds making a
really big deal out of this.
And I don't think
it's such a big deal.
You should just be whatever
you are and just forget it.
The Native Americans,
this is one thing,
I've been with
lots of these guys.
And all of them
that I'm aware of,
they don't care what
your sexuality is.
Just whatever it is, great.
They don't even care.
It's not even an issue
with them what it is.
You are what you are, and
that's the way it goes.
However, your
sexuality can change.
And again, if you are male
and you turn your thing over
to female, well, guess what?
You're now female.
But you can actually turn it
again to come back to a male
again.
But if you don't turn
it back to the same male
or you turn it to another
male, you're a different male.
Your wife might understand
that and see that it happened.
Totally different thing.
And this happens all the time.
And people think they're
crazy when it happens.
So therapists are always
trying to figure out
multiple personalities.
Multiple personalities
could be simply
that they've opened up 1, 2, 3,
or 4 of these different things.
And that's all it is.
Or it could be an entity
inside of you speaking
through them, which
is a completely
different thing than that.
And you have to determine
which one is it.
And it's pretty easy
to determine that.
It only takes about
three or four minutes,
and you can know
exactly what's going on.
You can't kick
out a personality.
You cannot remove
the personality.
It's going to stay there
no matter what you do.
And that person can't
change it either.
And so they can, but
more likely, not.
And so they just
have to get used
to living with more than one
personality inside of them.
It's like Tar the United
States of-- what's that movie?
>>United States of Tara.
>>The United States of Tara.
It's so funny because
that what she's projecting
is closer to this of
different personalities
that are emerging out
of her that are actually
just personalities and
not some kind of entity
that's in her,
though it's possible.
You know, it could even
be a combination of both.
Life is very complex.
Now the other
thing that I wanted
to put to you for
contemplation, put it that way,
is that there is only one source
of energy in the sexual world.
But that energy is at the base
of the spine is where it is.
It's in the base chakra.
But how you perceive
it depends on what
channel is coming up the body.
There's five channels.
And that's in the book.
If you go back in the first
book, you'll see them.
And they rotate it 90
degrees as they move around.
But if it comes up
one of the channels,
that's called a sexual orgasm.
If the same energy comes
up another channel,
it's called a
Kundalini experience.
And if that same energy
comes up another channel,
right now, we're
only functioning
on two of these channels.
And we are, at this
moment, opening up
a third one, which has
to do with an orgasm that
is generated from the heart,
not from in any other procedure.
It's a heart orgasm.
And there's two more
that are in the future.
We can't access those yet.
We're not old enough.
But we will eventually.
But the heart orgasm is
now a potential on Earth.
And some of you may
have experienced this
if you're doing this work
because if you're in your heart
and you're going back and
forth between your heart
and your brain, your heart and
your brain, eventually, what
happens is the
toroidal fields that
are created through the heart--
those two fields that we showed
you that are
generated from here--
are off center from your Merkaba
or your axis of your spine.
And when you have
this orgasm, which
is more intense than sexual
orgasm and far more intense
even then a Kundalini experience
and lasts about 20 minutes.
When I experienced
those, I thought
I was dying really because
I couldn't explain it
to myself in any other way.
I didn't know what was going
on here because it just
kept going on and on and
on, and it never stopped.
[LAUGHTER]
And what happens is,
at the end of that,
the heart toroidal fields move
over to the heart chakra, align
with the other toroidal fields
from your Merkaba field,
and they phase lock, which means
that you are now permanently
in your heart.
There's no going back
and forth anymore.
You're there.
It's forever, at that point.
And so that's a possibility.
And probably everyone's
going to experience this
at one point or another.
I don't know if it ever happens
more than once because I've
only experienced it once.
And it may be a one
time thing only.
It appears to be true.
Once this field
is moved over, it
takes 20 minutes for that thing
to move over and phase lock
with the Merkaba.
But once it does, that's it.
And experientially, what
happens is everything starts
becoming transparent.
And you can see
right through walls.
It's pretty
interesting, actually.
You see right through walls.
And you see this stuff
on the other side.
But then, everything starts
becoming transparent.
And then, the energy
gets really intense.
And it becomes white,
like this paper.
It becomes a very white opaque.
You can't see through it at all.
And that lasts for
a good 15 minutes.
And that's where I was
like-- it's like being blind.
You can't see.
Only it's white
instead of black.
And that's what was scary to me.
So if that ever happens to you,
just go, oh well, I remember.
I know.
Just relax, and get
behind it, and have fun.
I was really, kind
of, concerned.
And once it happens,
it changes everything.
And it's really hard to
explain this right now.
But my essence, my spirit, is
in my heart at this point now.
And that's where I reside.
And I've learned how to
look through these eyes
and function out here.
But I'm still not really here.
I'm really somewhere else.
And it just happens.
You don't have to do anything.
It's just what happens.
This is the result.
And a lot of people
that have been
through this, usually, the
only thing they want to do
is stay in meditation.
And so you get a
lot of people that
are living in these caves
that just sit there.
Actually, if you totally
go all the way with this,
you break the
bonds with gravity.
And you float off the
ground about this far.
And you glow.
Your head glows.
But your whole body
glows with light.
And then, life uses you.
They're the dreamers that
keep everything in balance.
And we have people in
the world right now.
There's four or 500 of them.
And if it wasn't for them,
we would have crashed
and burned a long time ago.
Without them, we would not be in
this room, for sure, right now.
So I really appreciate
their existence.
But my purpose had
to be completed.
So it's hard for me to do this.
I would love to just stay there.
That's my desire
is to stay there.
But I can't.
I have to complete this.
So they've shown me
this way to do this.
OK, now once we get
this information,
then we're going to
turn this into reality.
I'm not just giving you
a bunch of stuff to do.
We're going to actually do
what we're about to say here
in a little bit.
I know would like to
go over and explain
how you create from your heart.
This is pretty important.
Over here, we have the
creation from the brain,
which I could put up here.
And maybe just to
pose the two together.
And this one we saw.
And that's the one we're
suggesting you don't do.
But probably, you
will try it anyway.
So that's the way it goes.
But the other one is how
to create from your heart.
And I want to make this really
clear of what we do with this.
So this is creating
from the heart.
And I'll just run
through it quickly.
And then, we'll discuss it.
But the heart does not
have a thinking process.
It's not a brain.
It doesn't think.
What it does is
it creates images.
And it's an image world.
And so it begins with
dreaming or images.
The whole process of
creating from there,
that's where it starts from.
So it has nothing
to do with thinking.
And it has absolutely
zero to do with logic.
It doesn't have anything
to do with that.
This is a world where
you can be-- it's just
like when you're dreaming.
You can be dreaming
that you're in Italy,
and the next day
you're in Australia
or next second
you're in Australia.
And how did you get there?
What flight did you take?
There's no logic.
You just, dink,
and you're there.
And that is the
nature of this place.
It's natural.
It's part of the way it is.
And what triggers
the dreams and begins
to move them into reality
is, again, not logic.
But it's emotions and feelings.
It's emotions and
feelings that are
what begin to pull these
images from the heart
out into this outer world.
Then, it begins to come
closer to what this one is.
So the source is different.
But then, you come
back to attention.
But I'm going to write this.
Attention or not.
Different than that.
This one requires attention.
This one here, you can either
use attention and intention
like you did over
there-- in other words,
you can specifically get
an image in your heart
and purposely pull it
into existence or not.
In this state of
consciousness, you
can simply surrender
to the source of life
and let yourself be a vessel.
Or the source of life
chooses what images,
and they will come through you.
I definitely recommend,
in the beginning,
that you try the or not side.
Just see how it works.
And let God bring them out.
But it's not a bad thing.
You can't do any harm.
It's OK to use intention.
But you don't have to.
If you don't want to be the one
to choose what changes are made
in the world, you can allow the
source of life or Mother Earth.
You can give it to Mother
Earth, and she can do it.
And there's a lot of
people that's all they do.
They don't use their ego.
They don't think.
They don't do anything.
They just become a channel
that can totally connect
to the earth and to life.
They stay in their
heart all the time.
And they just let these
images in their meditation,
their dreaming state
of the meditation,
come forth out into the world.
You can't cause
harm because where
this is generated by ego, that's
doing this thing over here,
there's no ego here when
you're in this space.
And the heart,
whenever it pulls,
even if you ask for
something to happen
or if you don't, the
heart will give it to you
or bring it into the world.
But it will not cause
any harm at all.
It's just amazing that it
has that kind of intelligence
that it could figure
out how to do something
without causing any
negative reaction anywhere
in the universe, at all.
The intelligence that
it would take to do that
is just astounding.
But it is true.
It will not do it.
So again, you can
bring this down
like you do, and this one
over here, to intention.
Intention.
Intention or not because
it's the same thing.
You're either going
to put your intention
on a particular
thing, and then you're
going to use your
intention, say, I
want this, whatever
it is, to happen.
I want to heal my mother.
I want to help
someone or whatever.
And you can either do that,
you can come down this side,
or you can just
leave it up to God.
And then, what brings
it into reality
is a very interesting process.
And this process is,
somewhat, complicated.
It's much, much more
complicated than this.
And it's going to sound a
little strange at first.
But what actually does
it, it begins with the tip
of your tongue and alpha waves.
I know this is little.
If you want to
come up later, you
can photograph it and get it.
What this says is the tip of
your tongue and alpha waves.
What does that mean?
Why does the tip of the
tongue have anything
to do with anything?
And what's alpha wave?
OK, I'm going to have to
talk about this for a moment
to get you to understand.
You have a question?
Well we have to
get the-- oh, OK.
We'll get you in just a moment.
OK, go ahead.
>>Can you tell us which
one of the five channels
connected to the three orgasms?
>>I'm not certain of that.
I was going to do that research.
And almost for certain,
the sexual orgasm
is associated with,
starting from the front,
it's one of the first two.
And if you're
looking at a female,
you're looking at
the clitoris, then
the opening of the vagina, then
the perineum, then the anus,
and then the tip of the spine.
And those are your
five openings.
And the male clitoris is
just related to the penis.
And there's an opening inside
the male testicle, the sack.
And more than likely, it's
the first two, the clitoris
and the penis.
And it makes a very wide swing.
There's a straight line.
Then, there's two
that go like this.
And then, there's two more that
are very much wider that move
up through the whole thing.
Each one passing through each
chakra but with a wider swing.
He just wanted to
know which channels
were associated with which one.
And I haven't done
that research.
I'm not positive.
I didn't really care.
But if you want to know,
you just do the research
and find out.
I don't really know.
>>Second question related to
the connection to the heart.
If you try to teach
someone to do that
and he's already very
much in his heart,
it might be that the way to
enter that field would not
be on the heart itself.
It would be on the center.
>>The center is
the heart chakra.
And that is definitely a
way to enter into the heart.
But for some reason, the
angels that I'm working with
told me not to use this way.
And I don't know why.
I just followed them right now.
But for sure.
Absolutely for certain, this is
a direct entryway to the heart.
>>I mean, if someone
had the process
to describe the heart
orgasm and the field move,
you can see that the field
would be always in the center?
>>That's exactly
where it moves from.
The field moves from
the physical heart
over to the heart
chakra, and then
aligns with all the
rest of the fields
are aligned with the chakra.
>>And it will stay there?
>>It does stay there, yes.
Doesn't leave.
That's how you can tell if
somebody's solid, permanently,
in their heart or not.
If you had the equipment,
you can see these fields.
We know how to do it.
And the Russians
know how to do it.
They've done it.
And we, in the United States,
have probably done it.
And I'm not sure
about anyone else.
But China is probably
right behind there.
They've probably done it also.
But it's really expensive.
I mean, the average
guy can't run around
and make this kind of
equipment because it's
so expensive to look at a field
hat is only 4 degrees Kelvin.
It's hard.
And it's expensive to do it.
And so we had a
very inexpensive way
of doing it where we could
map point, by point, by point.
But we couldn't lay
out all the points
and see the whole field at once.
So every time we wanted
to see something,
we can go into a certain point.
And we could prove it
if it was there or not.
But to see all the
possible points,
it was way too
expensive for us to do.
>>Thank you.
>>My question, I just
need a little bit more
clear on the emotion or feeling
part and just how, I guess,
those first two steps
compare and contrast
from the brain and the heart.
>>These two steps?
>>Yeah.
>>Well, OK.
The brain is a thinking
process machine.
And it uses logic.
And then, that's where
the process of how you try
to create something,
that's where it begins.
This begins when
you're in the heart.
It's an imaging field.
And so when you go in there,
once you ask for light,
you just start seeing
all these images.
It isn't a thinking process.
It's an imaging process.
And you'll see all these images.
And when an image comes up that
you have an emotional response
to or you have feelings that
come up physically and et
cetera in yourself,
that's what separates all
the various possible images.
You choose one, basically, by
your emotional response to it.
But once you feel this
image, and this is the image
through your feeling body
and your emotional body
that you want to exist
in the world, that's
where you begin from.
That's when you say your
attention goes there.
Your intention is, yes,
I want that to happen.
And here's how you do
it, which we're going
to talk about in a minute.
>>Thank you.
>>OK.
>>Can you invite the image?
Or it has to be an
image that shows?
>>Yes, you can invite the image.
You can control that, too.
But the image must be
there in the heart.
If you can't find the
image, you can't do it.
But you can create the image.
But once you get into
this, it's like no one even
knows it's happening.
It's so easy and so simple.
But you can solve all of
your problems from here.
You can solve all forms
of healing, period.
You can gain weight, lose
weight, bring money to you,
get jobs, find people you
want to have mates, et cetera
and everything, simply
by being in your heart
without ever leaving
your bedroom.
And I've done it so much now
that it's just like, wow,
why work?
This is easy.
[LAUGHTER]
You know, and it's
OK on top of that.
It's OK.
It is your birthright.
You are a creator.
And it's OK to do it.
It's just that if you do
this way, which involves ego,
it's dangerous.
It's really dangerous.
Not only to you, but to
other people and everything.
This should be illegal.
It should not be used.
But it is a possibility.
That's why when they put
the secret out, I went,
oh my God, they're
going to emphasize this.
I can't believe it.
You know, I was really shocked.
We should make another DVD
on this so people understand.
[APPLAUSE]
But I guess that's what we're
doing, kind of, right now.
So I think you
understand this and this.
But now we need to explain this.
And this little
piece right in here
is what, traditionally,
in Hinduism is really
related to Kundalini yoga
and also to Korea yoga
that Yogananda was teaching.
They're extremely related.
And traditionally,
to understand how
to do this last little piece
took 20, 30, or 40 years.
I'm going to try
to translate this
into modern day
words, and images,
and understanding so that
you can do it now, today.
And traditionally, I've been
able to get about 30 to 40%.
And then, the rest
of you, it will just
maybe take a little bit longer.
But you'll know exactly how to
do this before you leave here.
I mean exactly.
Not kind of or
maybe or what it is.
But you're going to know
exactly how to do this.
It's my job.
And so I hope I can do
this the best I can.
I'm going to try the best I can.
Hopefully, I'll get
better and better at it.
So I'm going to
take this one off.
And I'm going to put it
over the top of this one.
[APPLAUSE]
And then, we're going
to come over to here.
So there's the tip of the
tongue and alpha waves.
I'm going to just go through
the description of it first.
And then, we'll go through it
on images up here very clearly
but just to give
you an overview.
And what I'm about to
say is nothing new,
except in the way
that I'm saying it.
But it's been around forever.
And it was talked
about in Vedas.
It's talked about in
Korean and Kundalini
yoga for sure, and other
schools also in different ways.
The Great White Brotherhood
also taught this.
And Egyptian schools
also did, too.
And I'm sure they did in
China and other places also.
And Japan also knows
all this information.
In fact, they really know it.
But they've been
keeping it secret.
They told me-- a lot of the
Japanese don't know this--
but there is a king and a
queen to the Shinto kept secret
and hidden.
But I had a meeting from
them through the emperor.
And when we discussed
what we were discussing
was the sacred geometry
that was released.
And they have all that geometry.
They know it all.
And they know all this stuff
that we're talking about.
And their intention is to
release this information
to the Japanese people
at the right time.
And I thought that right time
would have happened by now.
But it still hasn't happened.
But they definitely
do know this.
So anyway, here's a procedure.
Normally, the Merkaba
field is not there.
And that's what we're about to
do is we're going to reverse.
So you guys are
coming backwards down.
You're coming from the Merkaba
field to the beams of light.
And then, we're coming
down into the heart
where we were in yesterday.
But normally, you start in the
heart and go the other way.
Well that's what
we're going to do now.
Now that we've got
the beams of light,
and we've got this other
stuff, and we're in the heart,
we're now going to go backwards,
which is forward actually.
And we're going to
reconnect the heart back
to the brain and re-setup
the wiring inside of it
so that it doesn't
function through ego.
And so how you do that is
you're-- and you have to first
find the tiny place, which
we're going to do today.
When we do this one out
here out in the woods,
it'll be your first time
of going through it all.
So you're probably going to have
a lot of questions afterwards
and everything.
But I still wanted to get
your first time connected
to the Earth and everything.
It's just better.
And some of you will have
to practice this-- in fact,
almost all of you
will have to practice
this-- to get good at it.
But OK, you got your Merkaba.
You got your beams of light,
and you're in your heart.
And you're in the tiny
place of the heart.
What you then do is you're
watching the images.
And an image appears that your
emotional body responds to.
And you want this
image to be real.
Or you have created the
image through your intention.
And now you want this
image to be real.
You want to bring it forth.
What you do is a
little complicated,
but this is the procedure.
You begin with the
tip of the tongue
on the roof of the mouth.
And there's a very
specific place you rub it.
You could be rubbing it for
10 years in the wrong place,
and nothing will happen.
And that happens all the time.
You got to be really precise.
And we'll go into
that in a moment.
And next thing is, why
the tip of the tongue?
Remember when we talked
about how creation of a baby
begins with an ovum goes through
all those various steps we were
talking about through
the star tetrahedron,
and then 512 cells that
forms a toroidal field.
And then, it becomes a heart.
And then, we talked about how
the body came out of the heart.
What is the first thing
that comes out of the heart?
>>The tongue.
>>Yeah, it could've been
the fingers, the brain,
or the legs, or
something else like that.
It's, literally, the
tongue is the first thing
that emerges out of the body.
This is scientifically
documented.
It's true.
Is the first thing.
And so you can intuit
right from there
that there's a link between
the tongue and the heart.
But it's more than that.
I don't have the
name of it right now,
but there's a sack that
goes around the heart,
comes up here, comes
up through the throat,
and that sack ends
in your tongue.
And so there's a physiological
direct connection
between the heart
and the tongue.
It's not just an
arbitrary thing.
And if you want to
study it, you'll
see that this is really true.
And so when the tongue
is functioning--
this is going to sound
strange-- the tongue
actually becomes a penis.
The heart becomes male
rather than female.
And it turns the brain, which
is normally male, into female.
It reverses polarity.
And the, penis isn't
just going anywhere.
On the roof of your
mouth is a vesica pisces,
which we'll show
you in a little bit.
And at the very back of
the roof of the mouth
in a very specific spot, you
have a clitoris, honest to God.
[LAUGHTER]
You might not know it because
it doesn't feel there.
Now some people have a
hole at that exact spot.
How many people have a hole
in the back of their mouth?
Just one person?
It's usually more.
It's usually about eight or 9%.
>>Indented?
>>Huh?
>>Yeah, it's either an indent
or an actual hole there.
>>A hole or a valley?
>>Huh?
>>Well it could be a valley.
But some people
have a hole so deep
that they can't
find the end of it.
It's where the
bones come together.
And they don't quite seal.
And that happens to be the exact
spot where, for other people,
there's a clitoris.
If you have an opening, you
do a slightly different thing.
We'll talk about it.
But it would still
work just fine.
And for the rest of you,
it's flat there right now.
But if you take your
tongue, you know
when you make a clicking
sound like that?
[CLICKING SOUNDS]
OK, well now just
don't make the sound.
And only when you pull your
tongue in there, suck it.
Pull the roof of the mouth down.
Just don't make the sound,
but just pull it down.
And what'll happen is a
little bump will form.
Right, back there.
And when you start massaging
that bump, it swells up.
And it's a clitoris.
Literally, it is a clitoris.
And after about 20 minutes,
it becomes really swollen.
And it's totally
excited, at that point.
But what that point is connected
to goes up through here,
and comes up, and is
directly connected
to the thalamus glands.
It's a gland, but
it's two pieces.
And it looks, kind
of, like eggs.
And they're, kind of, big.
And this is work that I
did with Dr. James Hardt.
He is a brain researcher,
Ph.D in physics,
and a Ph.D in psychology.
And he's one of the
primary researchers
in the world for brains.
I mean, this guy knows
more about brains
than just about anybody alive.
And he's up in Canada
in British Columbia.
But he's building
these things that I'm
about to talk about all
over the world right now.
They just finished one
in Germany, I think.
They're building one in Russia.
Dr. James Hardt.
H-A-R-D-T. He's German.
>>Where's the bump
located [INAUDIBLE]?
>>What?
>>Where's the bump located?
>>Where's the what located?
>>The bump [INAUDIBLE].
>>Oh, the bump.
Well, let me just give
you an overview first.
And then, we'll go in detail and
tell you exactly where it is,
and describe it precisely.
But I'm just giving
an overview right now.
What?
>>It's 11:00.
>>Oh, it's 11 o'clock.
And we're right at the clitoris.
[LAUGHTER]
>>Keep going!
>>Oh God, that's horrible.
[LAUGHTER]
I don't know.
That was Diane though.
She's the mommy.
[LAUGHTER]
OK, well I still needed almost
a half an hour to do this.
So let's take the break.
And just stay excited.
[LAUGHTER]
And we'll be back at 11:30.